[Workers] update size and startup limits in platform/limits.md (#6613)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/limits.md

| [Simultaneous outgoing<br/>connections/request](#simultaneous-open-connections) | 6         | 6         |
| [Environment variables](#environment-variables)                                 | 64/Worker | 64/Worker |
| [Environment variable<br/>size](#environment-variables)                         | 5 KB      | 5 KB      |
| [Worker size](#worker-size)                                                     | 1 MB      | 5 MB      |

> | [Worker startup time](#worker-startup-time)                                     | 200ms     | 200ms     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Worker startup time](#worker-startup-time)                                     | 200 ms    | 200 ms    |
```

### Worker size

A Worker can be up to 5 MB in size after compression, and up to 1 MB for free accounts. You can request adjustments to limits that conflict with your project goals by contacting Cloudflare. To increase a limit, complete the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).

### Worker startup time

> A Worker must be able to be parsed and execute its global scope (e.g. top-level code outside of your "fetch" handler) within 200ms. Script size can impact startup, as there's more code to parse and evaluate. Avoiding expensive code in the global scope can keep startup snappy as well. You can request adjustments to limits that conflict with your project goals by contacting Cloudflare. To increase a limit, complete the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Worker must be able to be parsed and execute its global scope (top-level code outside of your `fetch` handler) within 200 ms. Script size can impact startup because there is more code to parse and evaluate. Avoiding expensive code in the global scope can keep startup efficient. You can request adjustments to limits that conflict with your project goals by contacting Cloudflare. To increase a limit, complete the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).
```

Reviewer: Was 'eg' supposed to be 'for example' or 'that is' in this context? We don't use Latin shorthand in docs. Also, checking to see if 'expensive' code is intentional? Or is it supposed to be 'expansive code' - as in large?

Author: - for 'e.g.' - both definitions make sense, but I removed it for clarity
- for 'expensive' - that was intentional. code that costs a lot of cpu or memory to execute
